Cypress -Modern Automation Testing from Scratch + Frameworks
Course image
32. Code download
Course content
Play
28. How to verify and automate check boxes with Cypress
17min
Play
29. Handling static dropdowns using select command with Cypress
7min
Play
30. Handling Dynamic dropdowns with each command Iteration
12min
Play
31. Handling Visible and invisible elements using Assertions in Cypress
10min
Start
32. Code download
1min
Start
Quiz 5: Quiz-Check your knowledge
information alert
Schedule learning time
Learning a little each day adds up. Research shows that students who make learning a habit are more likely to reach their goals. Set time aside to learn and get reminders using your learning scheduler.
Learn writing fast and robust Automated (UI + Integration) Tests using Cypress V13 with Mocha and Cucumber frameworks
Rating: 4.6 out of 5
4.6
13,731 ratings
65,513
Students
17 hours
Total
Last updated November 2023
English
English [Auto], Bulgarian [Auto]
, 
What you'll learn
Understand Cypress from Scratch and build fast and reliable Automation tests for any Web Applications using Cypress
Complete Understanding of JavaScript Basics so that you can implement Best practices of coding for Cypress Tests
Practical knowledge in designing Cypress Automation framework from scratch using Mocha and Cucumber Frameworks
Understand how to Mock Network responses and Perform Integration testing with Cypress
Real Time Hands On Exercises to practice Cypress Parallelly with Videos for building confidence on the tool
You will learn advanced architectural concepts (Page Object Modelling and more) with CI/CD Jenkins Integration
Complete understanding of Cypress Components for generating test execution Videos ,Screenshots & Reporting
Description
Course Updated with Latest Cypress V13 BDD Framework on Nov 7th.

The one and only Cypress course in Udemy with ** official BEST SELLER Tag *** and Highest Ratings -10,000+ 5 star Ratings)/ /
This Course includes - Web Automation with Cypress + Cypress Test Runner features + Cypress Integration Testing + Cypress API Testing + Cypress Database Testing + 2 Top class Javascript Frameworks from Scratch using Mocha & Cucumber

This Course also gives you 3 hours in depth understanding on javascript basics so that you can build Powerful Cypress programming tests 



What is Cypress?

Cypress - The most Buzzing word in Automation world which is expected to play a key role in  future  for its fast, easy and reliable testing for anything that runs in a browser.
Because of its Architectural design, Cypress comes with out of box capabilities to bring Stable Automation results for all Modern Web Apps.
It also have the ability to perform Integration testing by mocking incoming network responses
For Test Debugging, Cypress takes Screenshot by default for every test step and generate execution Mp4 video after every test run ..
There are many more WOW Factors like above which you will come across in Training.

These top class  videos are completely designed from scratch  using many real time examples with in detail explanation on each and every concept of Cypress along with Framework design best Practices

And I Bet! On course Completion You can develop Cypress Automation framework on your own or crack any Cypress related interviews.



Below is the high level  Content we Cover in the course:

Introduction to Cypress
Cypress Architecture
Cypress Installation & Project Setup
Cypress Test Runner features
Command line arguments for Cypress
Cypress Basic Commands for Automation
Cypress & Jquery combination
UI Automation (Checkboxes,Radio buttons, Editboxes,Dropdowns with Cypress)
Handling Popups,Alerts using Cypress
Handling Child windows and Frames with Cypress
Cypress Assertions in detail
Cypress Framework Best Practises
Cypress Fixtures and Custom commands
Page object Design pattern with Cypress tests
Test Parameterization and Data driven with Cypre
Configuration properties and environmental variables discussion
Cypress Dashboard features with video recording and Screenshots
Building npm scripts and Integrating Cypress framework into Jenkins
Cypress Cucumber BDD Integration
Cucumber Data Driven, Tagging, Hooks, HTML reporting features for Cypress Tests
XHR Testing with Cypress
Mocking API calls with Cypress Intercept commands
Javascript Basics



Wish you all the Best! See you all in the course with above topics :)



Who this course is for:
Automation Engineers
Software Engineers
Manual testers
Software developers
Instructor
Rahul Shetty
Teacher over 750K+ QA Students|Founder of RahulShettyAcademy
Rahul Shetty
4.6 Instructor Rating
316,423 Reviews
803,888 Students
29 Courses
"Nothing is Impossible. It all depends on how we are Trained on it."

"Teaching is my Passion. And it's my Profession. The only Business I know is Spreading Knowledge."

I'm Rahul Shetty -a QA instructor with 15 years of experience with over 750,000 QA students from 195 countries in my courses on Selenium, Software Testing (Jira), API Testing, Cypress, Postman, Appium, Playwright, JMeter, and many more...

I'm also the Lead Instructor at the Top QA Ed Tech Platform (Rahul Shetty Academy) where I helped hundreds of thousands of students learn to test and automate and change their lives by becoming an Automation Engineer.



Every QA Professional have the wish to learn trending Automation courses but somehow 90% of them are giving up their thoughts



It's not due to the lack of courses available in the Market, but it's about finding the right mentor who can guide, teach and understand student's pulse with their background education.

As a QA engineer myself with nearly two decades of experience in the software testing industry, I understand the QA mindset, how best we learn and based on that knowledge and experience, I have strategically built my courses, so my students get maximum benefit and career growth after taking my courses. I believe I've cracked the "formula" for teaching automation testing skills, and I'm really excited to finally share my expertise with you. I can confidently say that my online courses are without a doubt the most comprehensive ones on the market.





By joining my courses, you are not only getting the most practical, up to date, job relevant learning materials but also access to a lifelong mentor who has impacted and levelled up the careers of hundreds of thousands of QA engineers like You!





There isn't a day when I don't receive student success emails from across the globe about landing a new job, how my courses have changed their lives and career for the better and how they are respected and appreciated at the workplace after gaining new knowledge and experience from my course.

Featured review
Sunil Sahani
Sunil S.
21 courses
4 reviews
Rating: 4.5 out of 5
4 years ago
Cypress still has lot to do in automation world, but once it fully fledged enters the market, then there is no going back. Thus would be the power of cypress. About this course, as usual, Rahul never disappoints. This course was at par with the teaching levels and simply I learned one more technology with the help of Rahul. Few more framework creation examples would have made it more robust. Thanks Rahul for this well defined course.
Was this review helpful?

Requirements
None. Everything is taken care in the course including Javascript basics
Theoretical Material,Code dump and Interview Guide are available for download
Teach the world online
Create an online video course, reach students across the globe, and earn money
Top companies choose Udemy Business to build in-demand career skills.
NasdaqVolkswagenBoxNetAppEventbrite
Udemy Business
Teach on Udemy
Get the app
About us
Contact us
Careers
Blog
Help and Support
Affiliate
Investors
Terms
Privacy policy
Sitemap
Accessibility statement
© 2023 Udemy, Inc.
32. Code download
Code download
/// <reference types="Cypress" />
 
describe('My Second Test Suite', function() 
{
 
it('My FirstTest case',function() {
 
//Check boxes
cy.visit("https://rahulshettyacademy.com/AutomationPractice/")
cy.get('#checkBoxOption1').check().should('be.checked').and('have.value','option1')
cy.get('#checkBoxOption1').uncheck().should('not.be.checked')
cy.get('input[type="checkbox"]').check(['option2','option3'])
 
//Static Dropdown
 
cy.get('select').select('option2').should('have.value','option2')
 
//Dynamic dropdowns
cy.get('#autocomplete').type('ind')
 
cy.get('.ui-menu-item div').each(($e1, index, $list) => {
 
    if($e1.text()==="India")
    {
        cy.wrap($e1).click()
    }
 
 
})
//autocomplete
cy.get('#autocomplete').should('have.value','India')
//visible invisible
	cy.get('#hide-textbox').click()
cy.get('#displayed-text').should('not.be.visible')
cy.get('#show-textbox').click()
cy.get('#displayed-text').should('be.visible')
 
//radio buttons
 
cy.get('[value="radio2"]').check().should('be.checked')
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
}  )
 
 
 
}  )